README.md, before:


Spica
=====

Spica is a library of libraries of algorithms and data structures, along with some additional,
occasionaly useful components. It is intended primarily to be educational but it is also my hope
that some of the components developed here could be useful in real programs.

The libraries are divided by language with each language being in its own subfolder. The
individual libraries are intended to be largely self-contained. Each library is documented
separately, tested separately, and contains independent build control files, licenses,
.gitignore files, etc. This is so each library could potentially become a separate project in
the future with a minimum of difficulty. Also a user interested in only one library (i.e., only
one language) can focus on the folder containing that library alone and ignore the other folders
entirely.

The web pages in the top level folder are Spica-wide documentation files. They mostly provide
links to, and summaries of, the documentation available in each language subfolder.

If you wish to contact me regarding Spica, and I welcome comments, bug reports, or
contributions.

Peter Chapin  
chapinp@proton.me  

P.S. Spica, pronounced "spy-kah" is the brightest star in the constellation Virgo. I chose that
name because it was short enough to be reasonable to type as a namespace, module, or package
prefix, wasn't too distracting, and because my zodiac sign is Virgo.

Commit message:

Moved Spica C++ to a separate repository.

README.md, after:


Spica
=====

Spica is a library of libraries of algorithms and data structures, along with some additional,
occasionaly useful components. It is intended primarily to be educational but it is also my hope
that some of the components developed here could be useful in real programs.

The libraries are divided by language with each language being in its own subfolder. The
individual libraries are intended to be largely self-contained. Each library is documented
separately, tested separately, and contains independent build control files, licenses,
.gitignore files, etc. This is so each library could potentially become a separate project in
the future with a minimum of difficulty. Also a user interested in only one library (i.e., only
one language) can focus on the folder containing that library alone and ignore the other folders
entirely.

Note that the [Spica C++ library](https://github.com/pchapin/spicacpp) is, in fact, currently in
a separate repository.

The web pages in the top level folder are Spica-wide documentation files. They mostly provide
links to, and summaries of, the documentation available in each language subfolder.

If you wish to contact me regarding Spica, and I welcome comments, bug reports, or
contributions.

Peter Chapin  
chapinp@proton.me  

P.S. Spica, pronounced "spy-kah" is the brightest star in the constellation Virgo. I chose that
name because it was short enough to be reasonable to type as a namespace, module, or package
prefix, wasn't too distracting, and because my zodiac sign is Virgo.
